
What your program does from the user's perspective:
From the user's perspective this program can be used to ways: in the interactive mode or in the batch mode.
The user can go into the interactive mode by typing in the executable by itself; to enter the batch mode
the user has to input the exectuable along with the name of the scene pattern he wants to use. 
The interactive mode will display a menu from which the user can choose to revive a cell or kill it.
After the user creates his own pattern he will be able to choose the option of 'n' to move one 
iteration or choose the option 'p' to go into an infinite loop that displays the pattern and iterates
on each loop. 

How the program is structured, from the programmer's perspective:
From the programmer's perspective, the program is divided into three files: the implementation of a board class, the prototype
of the board class and then the main function which incorporates the use of the lifeboard class. The board prototype was programmed
so that the main function would not have so many "messy" functions. I included all the "messy" functions I wanted to perform
for the board as integrated member functions of the class Lifeboard. The Lifeboard class has an iteration function that reads the
pattern in the board and performs the next step following the Conway's rules and an overload of the output stream so that it is able
to print the board.   

How you evaluated the program for correctness. Did you verify that it produces correct results? Are there any cases where it produces incorrect results? Why?I evaluated the program for correctness by verifying with the patterns produced by other working patterns online. I was able to more carefully check my
patterns by having the command usleep(1000000) which held my pattern for a second or so that I was more able to identify how my pattern was evolving. I discovered that something very unsual happens with the fifth patter where it a glider disappears into an end and appears at another end. I am not 
completely sure why this is happening, but I decided to leave in, because it does perform something unusual it looks very cool. 
Hope you enjoy!



