What your program is meant to do, from the user's perspective:
This program, from the user's perspective, is supposed to make a display of different complex looking figures, created using recursion methods. The user may type a number from 1-8 to see the 8 different types of figures. If the user looks at the figure in detail he will discover that there is a base case that it is repeated many times throughout the figure in a pattern and in different sizes. The composition of many of these recursions create the final image. If the user clicks 'q' then the program closes.

How the program is structured, from the programmer's perspective:

The program is structured, from the programmer's perspective, in a case statement nested inside a while loop. The while loop is used so that the program does not close after a case has been run. Inside each case there is a call to a different function that draws a different figure. Inside each function there is a base case, which is the limit/smallest figure the function will draw, and then two calls to the function itself as to recurse over the same function. This will make the program iterate many times while decreasing the the length of either the radius or line length (depending on the figure). The function will stop recursing when that radius or length of line has gotten to the limit that is specified in the base case.

How you evaluated the program for correctness. Did you verify that it produces correct results? Are there any cases where it produces incorrect results? Why?

We evaluated this program for correctness by using the usleep() function to see more in detail how the base case was drawn and how the recursions on the base cases were taking forming. Surprisingly, we did find many errors using this technique that were easily identifiable and easy to correct. We also evaluated for correctness by running the program multiple times and ensuring that it never crashed with special cases. In addition, we also checked for correctness by ensuring that the switch statement worked for each and every case by pressing down each key and that the program stopped once its figure reached base case length of line or radius. After all the debugging, there were no errors with the program functionality. However, one sort of bug the program has is that since it is constantly reading gfx_wait(), if the user were to move the mouse over the window it would exit the case it was in. So just make sure to press the number of the figure and not move the mouse above the window.
